update documentation for Active field (#1474)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/concepts/workload.md

              memory: 200Mi
        restartPolicy: Never
```
## Active

> You can stop and resume a running workload by setting the [Active](/docs/reference/kueue.v1.beta1#kueue-x-k8s-io-v1beta1-WorkloadSpec) field. It determines if a workload can be admitted into a queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can stop or resume a running workload by setting the [Active](/docs/reference/kueue.v1.beta1#kueue-x-k8s-io-v1beta1-WorkloadSpec) field. The active field determines if a workload can be admitted into a queue or continue running, if already admitted.
```

> Changing `.spec.Active` from true to false will evict any running workloads from the queue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changing `.spec.Active` from true to false will cause a running workload to be evicted and not be requeued. 
```
